Bug/fix resizing 598 (#599)
johnsonandjohnson/Bodiless-JS: packages/bodiless-layouts/README.md

   const snapData = withtailwindClasses(tailwindConfig)('w-full, md:w-full, md:w-1/2, lg:w-full, lg:w-1/2, lg:w-1/3, lg:w-1/4');
   ```

>    ---

Reviewer: Is this intentional?

Author: fixed

---

> #### Default Width (depricated)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Default Width (deprecated)
```

#### Default Width

One can set the default width classes via the `defaultWidth` prop.  The prop is a function that will 

> be pass the snapData function.  It is expect to return a string of the starting classes

Reviewer: "it is expected"

> be pass the snapData function.  It is expect to return a string of the starting classes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be passed the snapData function.  It is expected to return a string of the starting classes
```

Author: done
